crazy Mike crazymikesapps.com with an
iPhone app demo for full download music
probe aspire calm this application is in
the music category is iOS universal
meaning it works on the iphone ipod
touch and ipad all that for only 99
cents there's also a free version called
download music pro that you can download
and check out before purchasing the full
version with this application you can
download music directly to your iOS
devices from 20-plus different websites
easily create playlists use simple
iTunes file-sharing for downloaded files
and much much more here's the opening
screen this application has a built-in
browser right off the bat which makes it
very easy to download free music plus
they give you a load of websites down
here that are automatically listed in
here as bookmarks on the page we'll come
back to that in a moment you see this
huge warning sign it just means they
added another website to download free
music from call VK comms back / audio
now right away they give you to
frequently asked questions one on how to
transfer files to a PC or Mac just tap
there on the plus sign it drops it down
and it gives you step-by-step
instructions and how to do that as well
as transferring files directly to your
iPod library those are some frequently
asked questions for applications like
this for sure down here you have the
different websites that you can go to in
the application however this application
does support any website you put up
there that has free downloadable music
and again it's going to have to be in a
certain file format mp3 m4a NWA their
wave formats now we're going to go down
here to one of my websites that I found
to be very easy to grab music from
called mp3skull we're going to scroll
this out a lot of these websites that
you can get free music from don't
actually have mobile optimized websites
so we can tap on sexy and I know it and
then we can pull up this page and we're
going to look for one that we can
download not all of the titles you'll be
able to download for a variety of
reasons but go to the green button here
which says download pulls it up and you
can just tap on done and
should download it'll show down here in
the downloader and again this one's one
that cannot be found so we're not going
to be able to download it that is the
tragedy sometimes when getting free
downloads you have to kind of hunt and
peck until you find a file that will go
all the way through but they are in here
because i have downloaded numerous files
from this site as well tap on here i can
also show you another feature that makes
it even easier to download files you can
actually rip a whole page at once we can
get one of these to load which will be
really cool I will move on and show you
some other things and this is kind of
the way it rolls sometimes on how you
download music now it looks like this
one's taking we can actually go into the
download section and see it's three
point four megabytes and we can watch it
download its been found so it is
downloading for sure which is great now
let's go back to where we just came from
which is here at the browser and in this
little box with the arrow coming out if
we can tap on there it says rip all
audio tap there and it's going to pull
us up all of the audio that's available
on this page and if we wanted to rip
every one of those songs we could now
again some of the files are not going to
be found you can also check mark the
ones you want you'll see a little check
mark pops up on the right again we can
go right over here and see our downloads
in the folders that I've created but
let's go back out of here cancel that
and again if you tap on that box with
the arrow coming out of it you can set
mp3skull as your start page or your
other favorite page to download free
music email the link to a friend or
bookmark the page that's the browser you
can also do here you can also bookmark
pages to be here and if you look at the
pages they bookmarked the help page and
the support page so you can get some
support when you need it and basically
it's sending them an email but they have
24-hour support through email now we'll
go down here and explain the rest of
this navigation but first the last arrow
on the top navigation will actually bury
the bottom navigation and make the
screen a little bit bigger open that up
we can go look at the downloads and we
can actually see the downloaded song i
just downloaded
turn it up so that i just downloaded a
few seconds ago if i didn't turn it off
if we left it would still keep on
playing now that's the download area
those are all songs I downloaded you can
move these two different folders and tap
on the ones you want to move tap on move
and you can put them in whichever folder
you want we can go over here to add a
folder and simply put in the title and
once it's done you have a folder added
and then you can edit here which means
you can delete them very easily which is
just by tapping on the little red circle
with a line through it now over here at
the playlist I've created playlist here
with all the different music i've
downloaded today let me show you i have
one here i've created but to create a
new playlist will go into playlists
whoops we'll go into playlists here and
i have a mix here and we can go in here
edit i can add songs to this playlist by
going through here now you'll also see i
have all my ipod music in here so i can
add my ipod music two different
playlists as well including the
downloaded music from this application
that i have received today i also have
that folder here i can populate the new
folder with songs and so on we're going
to put done out of here go back to
playlist and then to add a playlist all
you have to do is tap on that playlist
put the name in there and that's a new
playlist and you can also search for
songs in the little search box up there
tap on settings down here you have shake
to shuffle swipe gesture i'll show you
that in a moment you can write feedback
ask them for help select start page
clear browser cookies and you also have
a user agent here for the different
setups you may have and you can go
through here and see which one's work
best for you now let's go back in here
to the player we're going to tap on one
of these songs let's tap on chris brown
song so if i want to swipe over i can go
to the next song or i go to the previous
song and you can see how that works just
really easy swipe gesture again go back
to the
layer always by safi on that button turn
it off and that is it for this iphone
app demo until next time this has been
crazy Mike from crazymikesapps.com